look
50 typical phrases of beauty color
damn country that does not move from there
throughout the game come on this
supply has to touch me the
obsidian insanity and the hope and cher
come on
shit in this game I'm out laden already
whatever shit they killed me one of
the streaks but that false as one can
kill like that and if I was not already there
I have to play against prestige is very
high one month I do the game if
I had obsidian I got 500 adn
Average juice kills me I'm the best
world go fuck connection so I do not know
can kill anyone sure if
I had 100 megabytes I took all the challenge
I'm leaving again. No, uncle has returned.
to kill my bomber lower the ass that
gives you the same was shit was better
warfare 2 come I have to take a
game to upload it to youtube and the same
everyone here smells rex commenting I have
the best tips to be able to climb
level much faster my mother uncle
I always have to play against the best
you are a bank and or competitive game
everyday
uncle but my team does not kill anything
but what fake I shot him in all the
chest and not dead but working together
markets michael when is my father takes
to balear but what a bad mother connection
mine to see if it changes host
I already kill service again sure
he does not leave his house all day
by god leaves serial asshole and plays
well already the new dlc stayed is going no
I plan to spend more money on this
I play my shit I bought it I am
better than you I do 50 0 in search and
destroy my mother uncle always touches me
play with the baddest team to see something
or I do not make prestige my colleagues and
they changed the damn one again
respawn male stealing the badges who
it does not come out in fits and starts like 24
no game does not already have a new v goes
better I go to the game we go 2
take the flag take the flag no uncle
I stayed there is nothing to get the
flag points
but what false killed me to the simple
bullets this map has no hate is that
I never take anything out on this map son to
eat
I hope not go today I am when the
game do not ask me why but my
streaks
never kill and if the game had not
finished sure I take out the DNA
the emblem member is the best of all
It can not be if I shoot him first
the same thing always happens with a weapon of the
I usually get the best starting
world vote vote vote vote for solar no
can be uncle again kill me the closure
the shotgun
Whenever I turn around, an uncle appears
Behind me this one has insurance that killed me
because he's playing that he spits yes
it kills faster
he never took me out of anything game of shit
again not the command battery all the
while pulling on the wires I always
they kill in the same way revenge
I no longer play this game hehe and
I hope you liked kids and in
that case remember that you can give a good
like to this video
can you comment which of these 50
phrases are the ones that jce uses the most and
also remember that if you know
someone or someone from your friends
say these phrases can you pass the video
see you in the next videos bye bye